# Yelp Search Engine (parsing from JSON with Jackson API)
I had previously implemented a basic Yelp Search Engine that parsed .txt files that I obtained from the Yelp website (https://www.yelp.com/dataset/download). However, I was not satisfied with the speed of my program (it would take a few seconds to return results on a relatively small dataset of 20mb). I realized that the vast majority of the time spent was on parsing these orignal Yelp .txt files, which contain every word of every review of every business in the file. Therefore, it would be much more efficient to search  from a different file that only stores the vital information, and that is sorted in an effective manner.

I keep a json file that stores the following information for every business in the original Yelp dataset: 1) Business name, 2) Address, 3) a map where the keys are the words present in the reviews and the values are the corresponding tf-idf scores

The key difference is 3). Parsing from the original dataset required going through all of the businesses once in order to generate the tf and idf scores related to the query, followed by a run through over all businesses to determine which ones have the highest tf-idf values. This second run through is necessary because it is impossible to keep a running total of tf-idf values without approximating the scores. The idf tally may grow after having calculated the tf-idf value for a given business (I did try this technique in earlier commits). Even by using efficient data structures like heaps, the search times were much too slow. However, to get around this, I can store tf-idf scores in a simplified JSON file, and I would only have to parse this once. Moreover, parsing this JSON file should be much quicker since I would avoid having to double parse repeated words. Lastly, I have sorted the words in the tf-idf maps alphabetically so that I can implement binary search, which is logarithmic, rather than the standard linear search. However, I have not yet figured out how to implement binary search while simultaneously parsing. I would need to find a way to make my parser systematically jump around the .json file. Regardless, the current implementation is much faster than my previous search engine (it takes <1 second for queries on the attached .txt file while the old search engine took about 10 times as long). 

I have created a class called "CreateJSONFile" that uses the "YelpAnalysis" class to convert the original Yelp dataset to a file "myJSON.json". After running the "CreateJSONFile" main function, you can launch the "SearchEngine" class to search for any query, and the GUI will return the 10 most relevant businesses by using the Jackson API to stream parse the json file. If you wish to select a different original dataset from you Yelp.com, you can change the file path in the YelpAnalysis class, run the "CreateJSONFile" main function, and then launch "SearchEngine". 

